---
layout: post
title:  "Docker 开始，第 6 部分：部署您的应用程序"
date:   2018-02-14
excerpt: "Get Started, Part 6: Deploy your app"
tags: [Docker]
comments: true
---
 前提
 - 安装 Docker。
 - 获取如第 3 部分前提中所述的 Docker Compose。
 - 获取如第 4 部分前提中所述的 Docker Machine。
 - 阅读第 1 部分的目标。
 - 在第 2 部分中了解如何创建容器。
 - 确保您已经通过推送到注册表方式发布了您创建的`friendlyhello`镜像。我们在这里使用该共享的镜像。
 - 确保您的镜像可像已部署的容器一样工作。运行此命令，将您的信息中插入`username`、`repo`和`tag`中：`docker run -p 80:80 username/repo:tag`，然后访问`http://localhost/`。 
 - 手边有一份来自第 5 部分的最终版本的`docker-compose.yml`的副本。 
 
> ## Introduction 
 
> You’ve been editing the same Compose file for this entire tutorial. Well, we have good news. That Compose file works just as well in production as it does on your machine. Here, We go through some options for running your Dockerized application. 
 
 介绍 
 
 在整个教程中，您一直在编辑同样的 Compose 文件。好吧，我们有好消息。Compose 文件在生产环境中和在您的机器上工作一样好。这里，我们将介绍一些运行您的Docker化应用的选项。 
 
> ## Choose an option 
 
 选择一个选项 
 
> ### Docker CE (Cloud provider)
 
 Docker CE（云服务提供商）
 
> If you’re okay with using Docker Community Edition in production, you can use Docker Cloud to help manage your app on popular service providers such as Amazon Web Services, DigitalOcean, and Microsoft Azure. 
 
> To set up and deploy: 
> - Connect Docker Cloud with your preferred provider, granting Docker Cloud permission to automatically provision and “Dockerize” VMs for you. 
> - Use Docker Cloud to create your computing resources and create your swarm. 
> - Deploy your app. 

 如果您可以在生产环境中使用 Docker社区版，则可以使用 Docker云 帮助管理您的应用程序，如 Amazon Web Services，DigitalOcean 和 Microsoft Azure 等常用的服务提供商。

 设置和部署: 
 - 将 Docker云 与您的首选提供商连接，授予 Docker云 权限，为您自动配置和 “Docker化” 虚拟机。
 - 使用 Docker云 创建您的计算资源并创建您的群集。
 - 部署您的应用程序。

> Note : We do not link into the Docker Cloud documentation here; be sure to come back to this page after completing each step. 

 注意: 这里我们没有链接到 Docker云 文档。请务必在完成每个步骤后回到此页面。

> #### Connect Docker Cloud 

> You can run Docker Cloud in standard mode or in Swarm mode . 

> If you are running Docker Cloud in standard mode, follow instructions below to link your service provider to Docker Cloud. 
> - Amazon Web Services setup guide 
> - DigitalOcean setup guide  
> - Microsoft Azure setup guide  
> - Packet setup guide  
> - SoftLayer setup guide  
> - Use the Docker Cloud Agent to bring your own host  

> If you are running in Swarm mode (recommended for Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure), then skip to the next section on how to create your swarm . 

 连接 Docker云
 
 您可以在 标准模式 或 Swarm模式 下运行 Docker云。

> #### Create your swarm 

> Ready to create a swarm?  
> - If you’re on Amazon Web Services (AWS) you can automatically create a swarm on AWS .  
> - If you are on Microsoft Azure, you can automatically create a swarm on Azure .  
> - Otherwise, create your nodes in the Docker Cloud UI, and run the `docker swarm init` and `docker swarm join` commands you learned in part 4 over SSH via Docker Cloud . Finally, enable Swarm Mode by clicking the toggle at the top of the screen, and register the   swarm you just created. 

> Note : If you are Using the Docker Cloud Agent to Bring your Own Host , this provider does not support swarm mode. You can register your own existing swarms with Docker Cloud. 

> #### Deploy your app on a cloud provider 

> Connect to your swarm via Docker Cloud . There are a couple of different ways to connect: 
> - From the Docker Cloud web interface in Swarm mode, select Swarms at  the top of  the page, click the swarm you want to connect to, and copy-paste the given command into a command line terminal. 

> Or … 

> - On Docker for Mac or Docker for Windows, you can connect to your swarms directly through the desktop app    menus . 

> Either way, this opens a terminal whose context is your local machine,  but whose Docker commands are routed up to the swarm running on your  cloud service provider. You directly access both your local file system  and your remote swarm, enabling pure `docker` commands. 

> - Run `docker stack deploy -c docker-compose.yml getstartedlab` to deploy the app on the cloud hosted swarm. 

 ``` 
 docker stack deploy -c docker-compose.yml getstartedlab

 Creating network getstartedlab_webnet
 Creating service getstartedlab_web
 Creating service getstartedlab_visualizer
 Creating service getstartedlab_redis
 ```

> Your app is now running on your cloud provider. 

> ##### RUN SOME SWARM COMMANDS TO VERIFY THE DEPLOYMENT

> You can use the swarm command line, as you’ve done already, to browse and manage the swarm. Here are some examples that should look familiar by now: 

> Use `docker node ls` to list the nodes. 

 ``` 
 [getstartedlab] ~ $ docker node ls
 ID    HOSTNAME    STATUS  AVAILABILITY    MANAGER STATUS
 ...            
 n2bsny0r2b8fey6013kwnom3m*   ip-172-31-20-217.us-west-1.compute.internal Ready Active    Leader
 ...
 ```

> Use docker service ls to list services. 

 ``` 
 [getstartedlab] ~/sandbox/getstart $ docker service ls
 ID NAME    MODE    REPLICAS    IMAGE   PORTS
 x3jyx6uukog9   dockercloud-server-proxy    global  1/1 dockercloud/server-proxy    *:2376->2376/tcp
 ioipby1vcxzm   getstartedlab_redis replicated  0/1 redis:latest    *:6379->6379/tcp
 u5cxv7ppv5o0   getstartedlab_visualizer    replicated  0/1 dockersamples/visualizer:stable *:8080->8080/tcp
 vy7n2piyqrtr   getstartedlab_web   replicated  5/5 sam/getstarted:part6    *:80->80/tcp
 ```

> Use docker service ps <service> to view tasks for a service. 

 ``` 
 [getstartedlab] ~/sandbox/getstart $ docker service ps vy7n2piyqrtr
 ID NAME    IMAGE   NODE    DESIRED STATE   CURRENT STATE   ERROR   PORTS
 ...                     
 ia730lfnrslg   getstartedlab_web.3 sam/getstarted:part6    ip-172-31-20-217.us-west-1.compute.internal Running   Running 21 seconds ago                       
 ...      
 ```

> ##### OPEN PORTS TO SERVICES ON CLOUD PROVIDER MACHINES

> At this point, your app is deployed as a swarm on your cloud provider servers, as evidenced by the `docker` commands you just ran. But, you still need to open ports on your cloud servers in order to: 
> - allow communication between the `redis` service and `web` service on the worker nodes 
> - allow inbound traffic to the web service on the worker nodes so that Hello World and Visualizer are accessible from a web browser. 
> - allow inbound SSH traffic on the server that is running the manager (this may be already set on your cloud provider) 

> These are the ports you need to expose for each service: 

Service Type Protocol Port 
web HTTP TCP 80 
visualizer HTTP TCP 8080 
redis TCP TCP 6379 

> Methods for doing this vary depending on your cloud provider. 

> We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) as an example. 

> What about the redis service to persist data? 

> To get the redis service working, you need to ssh into the cloud server where the manager is running, and make a data/ directory in /home/docker/ before you run docker stack deploy . Another option is to change the data path in the docker-stack.yml to a pre-existing path on the manager server. This example does not include this step, so the redis service is not up in the example output. 

> Example: AWS 

> 1.Log in to the AWS Console , go to the EC2 Dashboard, and click into your Running Instances to view the nodes. 

> 2.On the left menu, go to Network & Security > Security Groups . 

> See the security groups related to your swarm for getstartedlab-Manager-<xxx> , getstartedlab-Nodes-<xxx> , and getstartedlab-SwarmWide-<xxx> . 

> 3.Select the “Node” security group for the swarm. The group name is something like this: getstartedlab-NodeVpcSG-9HV9SMHDZT8C . 

> 4.Add Inbound rules for the web , visualizer , and redis services, setting the Type, Protocol and Port for each as shown in the table above , and click Save to apply the rules. 

> Tip : When you save the new rules, HTTP and TCP ports are auto-created for both IPv4 and IPv6 style addresses. 

> 5.Go to the list of Running Instances , get the public DNS name for one of the workers, and paste it into the address bar of your web browser. 

> Just as in the previous parts of the tutorial, the Hello World app displays on port 80 , and the Visualizer displays on port 8080 . 

> #### Iteration and cleanup 

> From here you can do everything you learned about in previous parts of the tutorial. 
> - Scale the app by changing the `docker-compose.yml` file and redeploy on-the-fly with the `docker stack deploy` command. 
> - Change the app behavior by editing code, then rebuild, and push the new image. (To do this, follow the same steps you took earlier to build the app and publish the image ). 
> - You can tear down the stack with `docker stack rm` . For example: 
 ```
 docker stack rm getstartedlab 
 ```

> Unlike the scenario where you were running the swarm on local Docker machine VMs, your swarm and any apps deployed on it continue to run on cloud servers regardless of whether you shut down your local host. 
 
> ### Enterprise (Cloud provider)  

 企业（云服务提供商） 

> Customers of Docker Enterprise Edition run a stable, commercially-supported version of Docker Engine, and as an add-on they get our first-class management software, Docker Datacenter. You can manage every aspect of your application via UI using Universal Control Plane, run a private image registry with Docker Trusted Registry, integrate with your LDAP provider, sign production images with Docker Content Trust, and many other features. 

> Take a tour of Docker Enterprise Edition 

> The bad news is: the only cloud providers with official Docker Enterprise editions are Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. 

> The good news is: there are one-click templates to quickly deploy Docker Enterprise on each of these providers: 
> - Docker Enterprise for AWS 
> - Docker Enterprise for Azure 

> Note : Having trouble with these? View our setup guide for AWS . You can also view the WIP guide for Microsoft Azure . 

> Once you’re all set up and Datacenter is running, you can deploy your Compose file from directly within the UI . 

> After that, you can see it running, and can change any aspect of the application you choose, or even edit the Compose file itself. 


> ### Enterprise (On-premise)
 企业（本地）

> Customers of Docker Enterprise Edition run a stable, commercially-supported version of Docker Engine, and as an add-on they get our first-class management software, Docker Datacenter. You can manage every aspect of your application via UI using Universal Control Plane, run a private image registry with Docker Trusted Registry, integrate with your LDAP provider, sign production images with Docker Content Trust, and many other features. 

> Take a tour of Docker Enterprise Edition 

> Bringing your own server to Docker Enterprise and setting up Docker Datacenter essentially involves two steps: 
> - Get Docker Enterprise Edition for your server’s OS from Docker Store . 
> - Follow the instructions to install Datacenter on your own host . 

> Note : Running Windows containers? View our Windows Server setup guide . 

> Once you’re all set up and Datacenter is running, you can deploy your Compose file from directly within the UI . 

> After that, you can see it running, and can change any aspect of the application you choose, or even edit the Compose file itself. 
 
> ## Congratulations! 
 
> You’ve taken a full-stack, dev-to-deploy tour of the entire Docker platform. 
 
> There is much more to the Docker platform than what was covered here, but you have a good idea of the basics of containers, images, services, swarms, stacks, scaling, load-balancing, volumes, and placement constraints. 
 
> Want to go deeper? Here are some resources we recommend: 
> - Samples : Our samples include multiple examples of popular software running in containers, and some good labs that teach best practices. 
> - User Guide : The user guide has several examples that explain networking and storage in greater depth than was covered here. 
> - Admin Guide : Covers how to manage a Dockerized production environment. 
> - Training : Official Docker courses that offer in-person instruction and virtual classroom environments. 
> - Blog : Covers what’s going on with Docker lately. 
 
 恭喜! 
 
 您已经对整个Docker平台进行了一次完整的堆栈式开发部署。 
 
 Docker平台的内容远远不止这里介绍的内容，但是您对容器、图像、服务、成群、堆栈、缩放、负载平衡、卷和位置约束的基本知识有很好的了解。 
 
 想再深入一点吗？以下是我们推荐的一些资源： 
 
 - 示例：我们的示例包括多个在容器中运行的流行软件示例，以及一些传授最佳实践的好实验室。
 - 用户指南：用户指南中有几个示例，它们比本文所讨论的更深入地解释了网络和存储。
 - 管理指南：介绍如何管理文档化的生产环境。
 - 培训：提供面对面教学和虚拟课堂环境的正式码头课程。
 - 博客：涵盖最近发生的与Docker有关的事情。 
 
> deploy , production , datacenter , cloud , aws , azure , provider , admin , enterprise 
 
