---
layout: post
title:  "Sublime3 使用"
subtitle: "Sublime3 使用"
tags: [工具]
comments: true
---
The console is accessed via the ctrl+` shortcut or the View > Show Console menu. 

Sublime Text 3

import urllib.request,os,hashlib; h = '6f4c264a24d933ce70df5dedcf1dcaee' + 'ebe013ee18cced0ef93d5f746d80ef60'; pf = 'Package Control.sublime-package'; ipp = sublime.installed_packages_path(); urllib.request.install_opener( urllib.request.build_opener( urllib.request.ProxyHandler()) ); by = urllib.request.urlopen( 'http://packagecontrol.io/' + pf.replace(' ', '%20')).read(); dh = hashlib.sha256(by).hexdigest(); print('Error validating download (got %s instead of %s), please try manual install' % (dh, h)) if dh != h else open(os.path.join( ipp, pf), 'wb' ).write(by) 

This code creates the Installed Packages folder for you (if necessary), and then downloads the Package Control.sublime-package into it. 

报错了？

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<string>", line 1, in <module>
  File "./python3.3/http/client.py", line 519, in read
  File "./python3.3/http/client.py", line 671, in _safe_read
http.client.IncompleteRead: IncompleteRead(225400 bytes read, 60931 more expected)

manually install Package Control: 

Click the Preferences > Browse Packages… menu
Browse up a folder and then into the Installed Packages/ folder 
Download Package Control.sublime-package and copy it into the Installed Packages/ directory 

Search for “Markdown Extended” and click enter.
Make “Markdown Extended” the default
To make Markdown Extended the default highlighting for the current extension:
Open a file with the extension you want to set a default for (i.e. .md)
Navigate through the following menus in Sublime Text: View -> Syntax -> Open all with current extension as... -> Markdown Extended

Search for “Monokai Extended” and click enter.
Open a Markdown file in Sublime Text and make sure that syntax highlighting is set to Markdown Extended (not Markdown) View -> Syntax -> Markdown Extended.
Then go to Preferences -> Color Scheme -> Monokai Extended and pick a theme.

Select “OmniMarkupPreviewer” from list.
Windows, Linux:
    Ctrl+Alt+O: Preview Markup in Browser.
    Ctrl+Alt+X: Export Markup as HTML.
    Ctrl+Alt+C: Copy Markup as HTML.
